twas the night before christmas, and all through the house
   
    On a black screen

not a creature was stirring, except an elf on a shelf. 

    Over Picture of parker on a shelf as an elf

The stockings were hung by the chminey with care, 
in hopes that st. nicholas soon would be there. 

    Over a picture of fireplace with stockings

The puppy was nestled, all snug in her bed, 
while visions of rawhide danced in her head. 

    Indy asleep , dream bubble of rawhides

And Parker in her sleeper snuggled up on Dad's chest, 
had just settled down for a long winter's rest. 

    Parker on anthonys chest

When out in the living room there arose such a clatter, 
i sprang from my bed to see what was the matter.

    on black screen

Away down the hallway avoiding the clutter, 
I grabbed for my camera and openned the shutter. 

    picture of chelsea in hallway in pjs with camera

When what to my wondering eyes should appear 
but some mischevious elves, i had heard to fear. 

    On a black screen

Their eyes how they twinkled, their dimples how merry, 
thier cheeks a dozen roses, thier noses like cherries. 

    Big closeup of parkers face

the one in the back had undone a roll, 
to cover the tree, that was her goal. 

    indivitual elv shot

a round the record player one started to spin, 
tangled in ribbon, right up to her chin. 
    
    indivitual elv shot

the elf in the center had syrup to taste, 
she shoved the whole bottle into her face. 
    
    indivitual elv shot

climbing into a stocking, an elf lost her hat, 
she folded right over to reach for it back.  
    
    indivitual elv shot

the elf right up front had toppled a tree, 
she looked right up and shouted with glee
    
    indivitual elv shot

the last little elf, had opened a box. 
she tore through the paper as quick as a fox. 
    
    indivitual elv shot

they were sprightly and plump, right jolly young elfs, 
and i laughed when i saw them in spite of myself. 

    black screen

I took out my camera before they could dash
Then they were gone right after the flash.

    black screen then flash animation

I laughed to my self as I walked back to bed
I thought I heard something and tilted my head

    chelsea trying to listen

There was a small voice if I listened just right
cheering Merry Christmas to all and to all and Good Night.

    On a black screen in festive 'Merry Christmas'
